Update documentation for javascript filtering. (#898)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.0/reference/filters.md

handle events if they don’t match `x OR y OR z`).

* **Inclusive filtering**: by setting the filter definition attribute `"action":
"allow"`, only events that match the defined filter expressions are handled.
* **Exclusive filtering**: by setting the filter definition attribute `"action":
"deny"`, events are only handled if they do not match the defined filter 
expressions.

### Filter expression comparison

Filter expressions are compared directly with their event data counterparts. For
inclusive filter definitions (like `"action": "allow"`), matching expressions
will result in the filter returning a `true` value; for exclusive filter
definitions (like `"action": "deny"`), matching expressions will result in the
filter returning a `false` value, and the event will not pass through the
filter. Filters that return a true value will continue to be processed via
additional filters (if defined), mutators (if defined), and handlers.

### Filter expression evaluation

When more complex conditional logic is needed than direct filter expression
comparison, Sensu filters provide support for expression evaluation using

> [otto](https://github.com/robertkrimen/otto). Otto is an ECMA5 (Javascript) VM,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Otto](https://github.com/robertkrimen/otto). Otto is an ECMAScript 5 (JavaScript) VM,
```

Reviewer: After some Google-ing, it seems that `ECMAScript 5` is the more official name, but feel free to correct me.

> and will evaluate javascript expressions that are provided in the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and evaluates javascript expressions that are provided in the filter.
```

There are some caveats to using Otto; most notably, the regular expressions

> specified in ECMA5 do not all work. See the Otto readme for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified in ECMAScript 5 do not all work. See the Otto README for more details.
```

### Filter Assets

Sensu filters can have assets that are included in their execution context.

> When valid assets are associated with a filter, Sensu will evaluate any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When valid assets are associated with a filter, Sensu evaluates any
```

{
  "name": "nine_to_fiver",
  "action": "allow",
  "expressions": [
    "weekday(event.timestamp) >= 1 && weekday(event.timestamp) <= 5",
    "hour(event.timestamp) >= 9 && hour(event.timestamp) <= 17"
  ]
}
{{< /highlight >}}

_NOTE: Sensu handles dates and times in UTC (Coordinated Universal Time), therefore
when comparing the weekday or the hour, you should provide values in UTC._

> ### Using javascript libraries with Sensu filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using JavaScript libraries with Sensu filters
```

> Users can include javascript libraries in their filter execution context with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include JavaScript libraries in their filter execution context with
```

> assets. For instance, assuming a user packaged underscore.js into a Sensu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assets. For instance, assuming you've packaged underscore.js into a Sensu
```

> asset, they could then use functions from the underscore library for filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asset, you could then use functions from the underscore library for filter
```

expressions.

{{< highlight json >}}
{
  "name": "deny_if_failure_in_history",
  "action": "deny",
  "runtime_assets": ["underscore"],
  "expressions": [
    "_.reduce(event.check.history, function(memo, h) { return (memo || h.status != 0); })"
  ]
}

> {{< /highlight >}}

Reviewer: This is a great example! Do we need to add a `runtime_assets` attribute table to the specification section of this page?

Author: Ah, perhaps
